DigimonHC 04-16-18
plugins/DigimonHC/version.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/master/version.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/updatelist.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/master/updatelist.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/changelog.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/master/changelog.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/pluginpreferences.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/master/pluginpreferences.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/plugininfo.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/master/plugininfo.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/bot.jpg https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/master/bot.jpg
plugins/DigimonHC/images/Phase1.jpg https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/master/Phase1.jpg
plugins/DigimonHC/images/Phase2.jpg https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/master/Phase2.jpg
plugins/DigimonHC/images/Phase3.jpg https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/master/Phase3.jpg
plugins/DigimonHC/images/Phase4.jpg https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/master/Phase4.jpg
plugins/DigimonHC/images/Phase5.jpg https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/master/Phase5.jpg
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/setimages/general/cardback.jpg https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/master/cardback.jpg
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardData20A.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardData20A.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataBo1.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataBo1.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataBo2.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataBo2.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataBo3.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataBo3.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataBo4.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataBo4.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataBo5.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataBo5.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataBo6.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataBo6.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataBo7.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataBo7.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataBo8.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataBo8.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataBo9.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataBo9.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataBo10.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataBo10.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataBo11.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataBo11.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataBo12.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataBo12.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataBo13.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataBo13.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataBo14.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataBo14.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataBo15.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataBo15.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataBo16.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataBo16.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataBo17.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataBo17.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataBo18.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataBo18.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataBo19.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataBo19.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataBo20.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataBo20.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataBo21.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataBo21.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataBo22.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataBo22.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataBo23.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataBo23.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataBo24.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataBo24.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataBo25.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataBo25.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataBo26.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataBo26.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataSt1.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataSt1.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataSt2.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataSt2.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataSt3.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataSt3.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataSt4.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataSt4.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataSt5.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataSt5.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataSt6.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataSt6.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataSt7.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataSt7.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataSt8.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataSt8.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataSt9.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataSt9.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataSt10.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataSt10.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataSt11.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataSt11.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataSt12.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataSt12.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataSt13.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataSt13.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataSt14.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataSt14.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataSt15.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataSt15.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataSt16.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataSt16.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataNEW.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataNEW.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataPROM1.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataPROM1.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataPROM2.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataPROM2.txt
plugins/DigimonHC/sets/CardDataEXP.txt https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/sets/master/CardDataEXP.txt
CardGeneralURLs:
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RosaZhang/DMHC/master/sets/setimages/general/
